Now an interesting thing is all we get rid of that again here when I'm looping I could still use the
entries math.
And you rightfully would say which said sesterces made because I don't have keyboard in Paris so why
do any entries right.
Well let's see what happens if I had run I still would get a race for the first value is kind of the
key.
And the second value is d value.
Second element is the value.
And does this make a whole of sense because of course the two always equal since the key is always the
value since there really isn't the key.
That's just the way it's set up right.
You can get your key value pairs vertically is always the value.
Indeed you can also get to keys with the keys method here and you will lock when you and you also would
have a value this method to lock the values.
And then you lock one to two because well there is no key value pairing.
So why do those methods exist here.
Well there there.
You may use them but in the end of course a set only stores values.
So no real need to retrieve keys.
And indeed as you saw there is no GET method to get a value by key or anything like that.